Add doc about configuring TLS with Helm (#4328)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/network/tls.md

    - mountPath: /tls
      name: tempo-distributed-tls
  extraVolumes:
    - name: tempo-distributed-tls
      secret:
        secretName: tempo-distributed-tls
distributor:
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /tls
      name: tempo-distributed-tls
  extraVolumes:
    - name: tempo-distributed-tls
      secret:
        secretName: tempo-distributed-tls
ingester:
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /tls
      name: tempo-distributed-tls
  extraVolumes:
    - name: tempo-distributed-tls
      secret:
        secretName: tempo-distributed-tls
metricsGenerator:
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /tls
      name: tempo-distributed-tls
  extraVolumes:
    - name: tempo-distributed-tls
      secret:
        secretName: tempo-distributed-tls
querier:
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /tls
      name: tempo-distributed-tls
  extraVolumes:
    - name: tempo-distributed-tls
      secret:
        secretName: tempo-distributed-tls
queryFrontend:
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /tls
      name: tempo-distributed-tls
  extraVolumes:
    - name: tempo-distributed-tls
      secret:
        secretName: tempo-distributed-tls
tempo:
  readinessProbe:
    httpGet:
      scheme: HTTPS

>   structuredConfig:

Reviewer: this section should also have, or a mention of it in the written part

```
cache:
  caches:
    - memcached:
      <tls_config>
```

Author: This works and I'll include a bit of config for it in the example.  The exporter is a little more work due to the way the annotations are handled, so I'm going to leave that out of this PR.

    memberlist:
      tls_ca_path: /tls/ca.crt
      tls_cert_path: /tls/tls.crt
      tls_enabled: true
      tls_key_path: /tls/tls.key

>       tls_server_name: t-dist.tempo-distributed.svc.cluster.znet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      tls_server_name: tempo-distributed.trace.svc.cluster.local
```

    distributor:
      receivers:
        otlp:
          protocols:
            grpc:
              tls:
                ca_file: /tls/ca.crt
                cert_file: /tls/tls.crt
                key_file: /tls/tls.key
    ingester_client:
      grpc_client_config:
        tls_ca_path: /tls/ca.crt
        tls_cert_path: /tls/tls.crt
        tls_enabled: true
        tls_key_path: /tls/tls.key
        tls_server_name: tempo-distributed.trace.svc.cluster.local
    metrics_generator_client:
      grpc_client_config:
        tls_ca_path: /tls/ca.crt
        tls_cert_path: /tls/tls.crt
        tls_enabled: true
        tls_key_path: /tls/tls.key
        tls_server_name: tempo-distributed.trace.svc.cluster.local
    querier:
      frontend_worker:
        grpc_client_config:
          tls_ca_path: /tls/ca.crt
          tls_cert_path: /tls/tls.crt
          tls_enabled: true
          tls_key_path: /tls/tls.key

>           tls_server_name: tempo-distributed.trace.svc.cluster.local

Reviewer: This client is the only one that supports two ways of setting TLS. Through this method, but also through [here](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/tempo-distributed/values.yaml#L758). If you see value in unification, I would remove the latter since at least for me it just caused confusion when setting up TLS (given, back then I didn't know of the `structuredConfig` option)

Author: That sounds reasonable to me.  Would you like to PR for this?  If not I can follow up.  We'll want to mark it a breaking change, and validate that the structuredConfig is the right approach in all cases.  Wouldn't mind at least other eyes on that portion.

    server:
      grpc_tls_config:
        cert_file: /tls/tls.crt
        client_auth_type: VerifyClientCertIfGiven
        client_ca_file: /tls/ca.crt
        key_file: /tls/tls.key
      http_tls_config:
        cert_file: /tls/tls.crt
        client_auth_type: VerifyClientCertIfGiven
        client_ca_file: /tls/ca.crt
        key_file: /tls/tls.key
traces:
  otlp:
    grpc:
      enabled: true
```

> See the [`prometheus.scrape` docs for Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.scrape/) to configure TLS on the scrape. A relabel configuration like the following will do this configuration for you dynamically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the [`prometheus.scrape` docs for Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/<ALLOY_VERSION>/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.scrape/) to configure TLS on the scrape.
A relabel configuration like the following will do this configuration for you dynamically.
```

- `distributor.receivers.zipkin.tls`
- `distributor.receivers.jaeger.protocols.grpc.tls`
- `distributor.receivers.jaeger.protocols.thrift_http.tls`

### Configure TLS with Helm

> To configure TLS with the Helm chart, you must have a TLS key-pair and CA certificate stored in a Kubernetes secret.

Reviewer 2: Will this example values.yaml file work with any Tempo or GET Helm chart? Or is it specifically designed to use tempo-distributed? 

Asking because I thought about adding a link to the tempo-distributed Helm chart and doc here, but then I wasn't sure if this is specifically part of that. 

Either way, I'm linking from the tempo-distributed doc to here for TLS.

Author: This is only for the `tempo-distributed` helm chart.
